Open model hub doc (#188)
objectiv/objectiv.io: docs/docs/open-model-hub.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Objectiv comes with an open model hub that contains a growing collection of open-source, free to use data models that you can take, stack and run to quickly build highly specific model stacks for product analysis and exploration. It includes models for a wide range of typical product analytics use cases.

All models are compatible with datasets that have been validated against the [open analytics taxonomy](/taxonomy/introduction.md). The source is available for all models and you’re free to make any changes. You can use the included pandas-compatible [Bach modeling library](/modeling/intro.mdx) to customize them, or even add in advanced ML models.

Input and output of the models are in the [Objectiv Bach DataFrame](/modeling/dataframe/bach.DataFrame.mdx) format, which enables you to chain multiple models together.

:::demo notebook

> We've setup an intial showcase of the available product analytics models in our [open model hub demo notebook](https://notebook.objectiv.io/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've set up an initial showcase of the available product analytics models in our [open model hub demo notebook](https://notebook.objectiv.io/). 
```

> * `frequency`: Users categorized by number of total sessions.

Author: good point, updating

* `frequency`: Users categorized by number of total sessions.
* `recency`: Mean number of days before users return.

### Sessions
* `sessions`: Unique sessions.
* `session_duration`: Mean session duration.
* `duration_between_events`: Mean session duration between specific defined events.
* `bounce_rate`: Sessions with only a single hit.

## Available filters
Filters can be applied to each of the models. Initially, there is a first filter to quickly zoom into new users or sessions.
* `is_first_session`: The first-ever session of a user.

## Models in development

> * `user clusering`: Grouping uses based on similar behaviour in using product features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `user clustering`: Grouping uses based on similar behavior in using product features.
```
